---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "snowflake_grant_privileges_to_database_role Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snowflake_grant_privileges_to_database_role (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) The name of the database in which the database role exists.
- `role_name` (String) The name of the database role to which privileges will be granted.

### Optional

- `all_privileges` (Boolean) Grant all privileges on the database role.
- `on_database` (Boolean) If true, the privileges will be granted on the database.
- `on_schema` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies the schema on which privileges will be granted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--on_schema))
- `on_schema_object` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies the schema object on which privileges will be granted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--on_schema_object))
- `privileges` (Set of String) The privileges to grant on the database role.
- `with_grant_option` (Boolean) Specifies whether the grantee can grant the privileges to other users.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--on_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_schema`

Optional:

- `all_schemas` (Boolean) Grant privileges to all schemas.
- `future_schemas` (Boolean) Grant privileges to future schemas.
- `schema_name` (String) The fully qualified name of the schema.


<a id="nestedblock--on_schema_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_schema_object`

Optional:

- `all` (Block List, Max: 1) Configures the privilege to be granted on all objects in eihter a database or schema. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--on_schema_object--all))
- `future` (Block List, Max: 1) Configures the privilege to be granted on future objects in eihter a database or schema. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--on_schema_object--future))
- `object_name` (String) The fully qualified name of the object on which privileges will be granted.
- `object_type` (String) The object type of the schema object on which privileges will be granted. Valid values are: ALERT | DYNAMIC TABLE | EVENT TABLE | FILE FORMAT | FUNCTION | PROCEDURE | SECRET | SEQUENCE | PIPE | MASKING POLICY | PASSWORD POLICY | ROW ACCESS POLICY | SESSION POLICY | TAG | STAGE | STREAM | TABLE | EXTERNAL TABLE | TASK | VIEW | MATERIALIZED VIEW

<a id="nestedblock--on_schema_object--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_schema_object.all`

Required:

- `object_type_plural` (String) The plural object type of the schema object on which privileges will be granted. Valid values are: ALERTS | DYNAMIC TABLES | EVENT TABLES | FILE FORMATS | FUNCTIONS | PROCEDURES | SECRETS | SEQUENCES | PIPES | MASKING POLICIES | PASSWORD POLICIES | ROW ACCESS POLICIES | SESSION POLICIES | TAGS | STAGES | STREAMS | TABLES | EXTERNAL TABLES | TASKS | VIEWS | MATERIALIZED VIEWS

Optional:

- `in_database` (Boolean) Grant privileges for the entire database.
- `in_schema` (String) The fully qualified name of the schema.


<a id="nestedblock--on_schema_object--future"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_schema_object.future`

Required:

- `object_type_plural` (String) The plural object type of the schema object on which privileges will be granted. Valid values are: ALERTS | DYNAMIC TABLES | EVENT TABLES | FILE FORMATS | FUNCTIONS | PROCEDURES | SECRETS | SEQUENCES | PIPES | MASKING POLICIES | PASSWORD POLICIES | ROW ACCESS POLICIES | SESSION POLICIES | TAGS | STAGES | STREAMS | TABLES | EXTERNAL TABLES | TASKS | VIEWS | MATERIALIZED VIEWS

Optional:

- `in_schema` (String) The fully qualified name of the schema.
